1. Introduction
This document lays out a project plan for the development of the “SpectrOM Website - 2023” Managed By Prof. Vatsal A. Dharek. The intended readers of this document are 
current and future developers working on “SpectrOM Website - 2023” and the sponsors of the project. The plan will include, but is not restricted to, a summary of the 
system functionality, the scope of the project from the perspective of the “SpectrOM Website - 2023” team (ME and my Students), scheduling and delivery estimates, project 
risks, and how those risks will be mitigated, the process by which I will develop the project, and metrics and measurements that will be recorded throughout the project.
2. Overview
In today’s world, an Online front for any event or organization is most important. As that is the main point of contact for the outside world. Also a impresion and trust 
of the website is the most important for the success of the event. So there is a dire need of a detailed self-sufficient website that can entertain the participants and 
also that is helpful for all to manage the event with nessasury data and process.
2.1 Customers
Participants
Event Coordinators
Organizers 
2.2 Functionality
Participants Need to be able to view the website, check the schedule, explore the events, and also can register and pay the participation fee through integrated payment 
gateway.

	There must be a centralized system to check participants count, payment status, also the system should be in place to manage participants on the day of event and 
send them certificates.

	There must be an interactive front that will change based on the timeline of events like, participation, registration, day of event and event completion.


2.3 Platform
It will be a website that will be made up with Django Python as backend and Making use of Front-end libraries for making it more user friendly, and interesting,

Main concern should be the speed and performance of the website, to lock in on the new visitors by grabbing their attention.
2.4 Development Responsibility
	I, Prof. Vatsal  A. Dharek Will be the Project Manager and Owner of the Portal.
	There will be 3 teams as following,
Backend Team - will be responsible for making all data transactions, Payment integration, and Response time for the apis.
Frontend Team - will be responsible for Overall UI of Website, Day by Day changing layout based on days of event. Also the responsible party for all front end related 
issues.
Testing and Form Submission - Will be the responsible for all the forms in the system, requirement gathering and process analysis, that will be crucial as the day of event 
is very hectic and need a preplanning of the all operations.
3. Goals and Scopes
Major Goals will be an online process to register without any manual action needed.
List of participants, and status view for organizers. 
The Interactivity of the website should be very good. 
Push content to website to make students interested in the event.

4. Deliverables
I’ll deliver the following during the course of development:
Feature specification - for each process and layout
Product design - overall portal layout and design
Test plan - to ensure the sanity of the project
Development document - for each API endpoint 
Source code - for webportal 
5. Risk Management

6. Scheduling and Estimates





